[en]: update hwameistor\application\local (#5027)
DaoCloud/DaoCloud-docs: docs/en/docs/storage/hwameistor/application/local.md

# Local Volume

Using HwameiStor can run stateful applications very easily.

Here we use a MySQL application as an example.

> ## prerequisites

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Prerequisites
```

- Hwameistor is installed successfully

> - StorageClass is created. If not, please refer to [StorageClass Creation](../../../kpanda/user-guide/storage/sc.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- StorageClass is created. If not, refer to [Create StorageClass](../../../kpanda/user-guide/storage/sc.md#create-storageclass-sc)
```

    After successful installation of HwameiStor, a `StorageClass` named `hwameistor-storage-lvm-hdd` will be installed by default in the Helm chart, and the `StorageClass` can be used to create local PVs.

>       1. Click `Container Management` -> Select `the corresponding Cluster` to enter the cluster details -> Click `Container Storage` -> Select `StorageClass`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1. Click __Container Management__ , select a proper cluster to check its details. Click __Container Storage__ , select `StorageClass`.
```

>       1. Click `Container Management` -> Select `the corresponding Cluster` to enter the cluster details -> Click `Container Storage` -> Select `StorageClass`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      1. Click __Container Management__ , select a proper cluster to check its details. Click __Container Storage__ , select __StorageClass__.
```

>          ![sc01](../../images/sc01.jpg)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        ![sc01](../../images/sc01.jpg)
```

>       2. Click `View YAML` to see the details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    2. Click __View YAML__ to see the details.
```

>          ```yaml

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        ```yaml
```
下方缩进都要删除一个空格

         apiVersion: storage.k8s.io/v1
         kind: StorageClass
         metadata:
           name: hwameistor-storage-lvm-hdd
         parameters:
           convertible: "false"
           csi.storage.k8s.io/fstype: xfs
           poolClass: HDD
           poolType: REGULAR
           replicaNumber: "1"
           striped: "true"
           volumeKind: LVM
         provisioner: lvm.hwameistor.io
         reclaimPolicy: Delete
         volumeBindingMode: WaitForFirstConsumer
         allowVolumeExpansion: true
         ```

>          If the `StorageClass` fails to be installed, you can install [the StorageClass via the interface](../../../kpanda/user-guide/storage/sc.md) or by using the YAML method. The YAML method is as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        If the `StorageClass` fails to be created, you can [Create StorageClass via UI](../../../kpanda/user-guide/storage/sc.md#create-storageclass-sc) or by using YAML. You can run the following command to apply YAML if it is ready:
```

>          ```sh
>          kubectl apply -f examples/sc-local.yaml
>          ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ```sh
    kubectl apply -f examples/sc-local.yaml
    ```
```

## Steps

> ### Create `StatefulSet` via the interface

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Create `StatefulSet` via UI
```

> 1. Click `Container Management` -> Select `the corresponding cluster` to enter the cluster details -> Click `Container Storage` -> Select `StatefulSets` under `Workloads` -> Click `Create By Image`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Click __Container Management__, select a proper cluster to check its details. Click __Container Storage__, select __StatefulSets__ under __Workloads__ , and click __Create By Image__ .
```

    ![imagecreate](../../images/imagecreate01.jpg)

> 2. After completing the `Basic Information`, Click `Create PVC Template` and enter the following parameter information:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. After completing the __Basic Information__ , click __Create PVC Template__ and configure the following parameters:
```

    ![pvctmp](../../images/pvctmp01.jpg)

>     - `Storage Classes`: The already created local storage pool.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - `Storage Classes`: The already created local storage class.
```

    - `Capacity`: The size of the local data volume.

>     - `Access Mode`: Pod read/write mode, it is   recommended to use ReadWriteOnce.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - `Access Mode`: Pod read/write mode, it is recommended to use ReadWriteOnce.
```

    - `Container Path`: The path where the data storage is mounted on the container.

> 3. Click `OK` -> Continuously click `Next` to finish the creation. After completion of the creation, click `PVC` to check whether the corresponding `volume status` is normal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Click __OK__ , click `Next` one by one to finish the creation wizard.
   After completion of the creation, click __PVC__ to check whether the volume status is normal.
```

    ![pvctmp02](../../images/pvctmp02.jpg)

### Create `StatefulSet` via YAML

!!! note

    The following MySQL YAML file is from the [official Kubernetes repository](https://github.com/kubernetes/website/blob/main/content/en/examples/application/mysql/mysql-statefulset.yaml)

> Once HwameiStor and the `StorageClass` are ready, a command can create the MySQL container and its data volume:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once HwameiStor and the `StorageClass` are ready, you can run the following command to create the MySQL container and its data volume:
```

---
MTPE: WANG0608GitHub
date: 2024-07-26
---

# Using Non-highly available Local Volume

> Using HwameiStor can run stateful applications very easily.
> 
> Here we use a MySQL application as an example.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With HwameiStor,  you can run stateful applications very easily.
This page takes a MySQL application as an example.
```
中英都不要孤句成段。

    1. Click __Container Management__ to select a proper cluster to check its details. Click __Container Storage__ to select __StorageClass__ .

        ![sc01](../../images/sc01.jpg)

    2. Click __View YAML__ to see the details.

        ```yaml
        apiVersion: storage.k8s.io/v1
        kind: StorageClass
        metadata:
          name: hwameistor-storage-lvm-hdd
        parameters:
          convertible: "false"
          csi.storage.k8s.io/fstype: xfs
          poolClass: HDD
          poolType: REGULAR
          replicaNumber: "1"
          striped: "true"
          volumeKind: LVM
        provisioner: lvm.hwameistor.io
        reclaimPolicy: Delete
        volumeBindingMode: WaitForFirstConsumer
        allowVolumeExpansion: true
        ```

        If the `StorageClass` fails to be created, you can [Create StorageClass via UI](../../../kpanda/user-guide/storage/sc.md#create-storageclass-sc) or by using YAML. You can run the following command to apply YAML if it is ready:

>     ```sh
>     kubectl apply -f examples/sc-local.yaml
>     ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        ```sh
        kubectl apply -f examples/sc-local.yaml
        ```
```
没改过了

## Steps

> ### Create `StatefulSet` via UI

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Create StatefulSet via UI
```
中英都没必要加  \`\`

> 1. Click __Container Management__ to select the corresponding cluster and enter the cluster details. Click __Container Storage__ to select __StatefulSets__ under __Workloads__ and click __Create By Image__ .

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Click __Container Management__ to select a proper cluster and check the cluster details.
   Click __Container Storage__ to select __StatefulSets__ under __Workloads__ and click __Create By Image__ .
```

    ![imagecreate](../../images/imagecreate01.jpg)

2. After completing the __Basic Information__ , click __Create PVC Template__ and configure the following parameters:

    ![pvctmp](../../images/pvctmp01.jpg)

>     - `Storage Classes`: The already created local storage class.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - `Storage Classes`: Local storage classes you have created.
```

>     - `Capacity`: The size of the local data volume.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - `Capacity`: The size of the local volume.
```

    - `Access Mode`: It is recommended to use ReadWriteOnce.
    - `Container Path`: The path where the data storage is mounted on the container.

3. Click __OK__ , and click __Next__ one by one to finish the creation wizard.
   After completion of the creation, click __PVC__ to check whether the volume status is normal.

    ![pvctmp02](../../images/pvctmp02.jpg)

> ### Create `StatefulSet` via YAML

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Create StatefulSet via YAML
```

!!! note

>     The following MySQL YAML file is from the [official Kubernetes repository](https://github.com/kubernetes/website/blob/main/content/en/examples/application/mysql/mysql-statefulset.yaml)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The following MySQL YAML file is from the [Kubernetes website repository](https://github.com/kubernetes/website/blob/main/content/en/examples/application/mysql/mysql-statefulset.yaml).
```

> Once HwameiStor and the `StorageClass` are ready, you can run the following command to create the MySQL container and its data volume:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once HwameiStor and the `StorageClass` are ready, you can run the following command to create the MySQL container and its volume:
```

      schedulerName: hwameistor-scheduler
```

## View MySQL container and PVC/PV

In this example, the MySQL container is scheduled to node `k8s-worker-3`.

```console
$ kubectl get po -l  app=sts-mysql-local -o wide
NAME                READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE     IP            NODE        
sts-mysql-local-0   2/2     Running   0          3m08s   10.1.15.154   k8s-worker-3

$ kubectl get pvc -l  app=sts-mysql-local
NAME                     STATUS   VOLUME                                     CAPACITY   ACCESS MODES   STORAGECLASS                 AGE   VOLUMEMODE
data-sts-mysql-local-0   Bound    pvc-accf1ddd-6f47-4275-b520-dc317c90f80b   1Gi        RWO            hwameistor-storage-lvm-hdd    3m   Filesystem
```

> ## View the object of `LocalVolume`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## View the `LocalVolume` object
```
The original is better

By viewing `LocalVolume(LV)` with the same name as `PV`, you can see that the local volume is created on the node `k8s-worker-3`:

```console
$ kubectl get lv pvc-accf1ddd-6f47-4275-b520-dc317c90f80b

NAME                                       POOL                   REPLICAS   CAPACITY     ACCESSIBILITY   STATE   RESOURCE   PUBLISHED      AGE
pvc-accf1ddd-6f47-4275-b520-dc317c90f80b   LocalStorage_PoolHDD   1          1073741824                   Ready   -1         k8s-worker-3    3m
```

## [Optional] Scale the MySQL application into a three-node cluster

> HwameiStor supports the horizontal expansion of `StatefulSet`. `StatefulSet` containers will mount an independent local volume:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
HwameiStor supports the horizontal autoscaling of `StatefulSet`. `StatefulSet` containers will mount an independent local volume:
```
